Yacht
Club games managed to capture lightning in
a bottle with the release of Shovel Knight.
When so many developers fail to emulate the
style and substance that made those NES classics
so great, Shovel Knight feels and looks like
it was ripped straight out of the 90’s.
From the start menu to the ending credits,
Shovel Knight dazzles with a graphics style
that matches the best from a bygone era and
controls that would make Miyamoto blush.
Shovel Knight has it all.
Prophetic goatmen, dancing fish royalty, platforming
that demands a deft touch and boss fights
that will have you wanting to snap your 3DS
in half.
Shovel Knight was an absolute breath of fresh
air into the decrepit lungs of the 2D platforming
genre.
Whatever you do yacht club games, don’t
disappoint us when you release the inevitable
sequel.
For now, rejoice as the masses have chosen
Shovel Knight as the winner for best new IP.